CASMHMS-5746 Update FAS procedures for component power off (#2898)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/firmware/FAS_Recipes.md

> **IMPORTANT:** Before updating a CMM:
>

> > - The `hms-discovery` job must be stopped before updates are done and restarted after updates are complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Stop the `hms-discovery` job before updates are done, and then restart it after updates are complete.
```

> >   - (`ncn-mw#`) Stop the `hms-discovery` job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>   1. (`ncn-mw#`) Stop the `hms-discovery` job.
```

>
>     ```bash

> >     ncn-mw# kubectl -n services patch cronjobs hms-discovery -p '{"spec":{"suspend":true}}'

Reviewer 2: Please make copy-paste friendly for release/1.3 and main.

https://github.com/Cray-HPE/docs-csm/blob/main/introduction/documentation_conventions.md#command-prompt-location

>     ```
>

> >   - (`ncn-mw#`) Start the `hms-discovery` job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>   1. (`ncn-mw#`) Start the `hms-discovery` job.
```

>
>     ```bash
>     kubectl -n services patch cronjobs hms-discovery -p '{"spec":{"suspend":false}}'
>     ```
>
> - Use CAPMC to make sure all chassis rectifier power is off.
>   1. Check power status of the chassis.
>

> >     (`ncn-mw#`) If the chassis power is off, then everything else is off, and it is safe to proceed.
> >
> >     ```bash
> >     cray capmc get_xname_status create --xnames x[1000-1008]c[0-7]
> >     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>      (`ncn-mw#`) If the chassis power is off, then everything else is off, and it is safe to proceed.
>
>      ```bash
>      cray capmc get_xname_status create --xnames x[1000-1008]c[0-7]
>      ```
```
indentation is off
